refining http_request spec (#119)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.adoc

- the number of bytes representing a header name must not exceed `32KiB`, and
- the total number of bytes representing the header names and values must not exceed `48KiB`.

> NOTE: The Internet Computer blockchain mainnet only supports ipv6 URLs in HTTP requests at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Currently, the Internet Computer mainnet only supports URLs that resolve to IPv6 destinations (i.e., the domain has a `AAAA` DNS record) in HTTP requests.
```
